docs: note default JSON serialization on the data transformers page (#7397)
trpc/trpc: www/docs/server/data-transformers.md

You are able to serialize the response data & input args. The transformers need to be added both to the server and the client.

:::info

> A transformer is optional. Without one, tRPC serializes data with `JSON.stringify`, so values that JSON can't represent don't round-trip: a `Date` arrives on the client as a string, and a `Map` or `Set` is lost. Add a transformer like superjson (below) if you need those types preserved on the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A transformer is optional. Without one, tRPC serializes data with `JSON.stringify`, so values that JSON can't represent don't round-trip: a `Date` arrives on the client as a string, and a `Map` or `Set` are always converted to an empty object (`{}`). Add a transformer like superjson (below) if you need those types preserved on the client.
```
